Então eu apresento para vocês essa ferramenta, chama Matriz de Benchmarks.
É uma ferramenta que vai orientar vocês como é que vocês vão trazer mais referências
para você conseguir ir focado no seu negócio, mas com ideias que te levam para o próximo nível
baseado nos principais problemas da sua operação.
Você vai quebrar o problema da sua operação em problemas menores.
Você vai falar assim, beleza, o que eu preciso?
Eu preciso, igual o Google, eu preciso de um sistema
de ranqueamento e eu preciso
de um sistema que rentabiliza esse ranqueamento.
Então, por exemplo, no meu
caso, eu tenho uma empresa de consultoria,
então eu preciso selecionar
bem os talentos, porque eu vivo
de alocação de conhecimento,
e eu preciso formar
e alocar esses consultores.
E eu preciso também fazer um ótimo atendimento e relacionamento com os clientes,
até porque a gente é uma empresa no estilo boutique.
Quando a gente faz esse tipo de trabalho,
a gente tem esses três grandes blocos de conhecimento.
Tá, mas eu não preciso sair desenvolvendo tudo isso aqui do zero.
Quem que já existe no mercado?
Quem que tem referência para cada um desses problemas?
Aí quando você vai para a seleção de talentos, existe uma empresa que chama Companhia de Talentos. Poxa, eles fazem super bem. FIS FIS O que o McDonald's poderia ajudar num hospital oftalmológico na Índia?
Então vamos ver como que foi que o Dr. V, que tem esse nome Govindappa Venkataram, criou o sistema Aravind Air Care. FIS Dr. Govinda Pavanakata Swami was 58 when he founded Aravind.
When it first started, the hospital had 11 beds.
Its mission was the eradication of needless blindness today
it is the largest and most productive eye care facility
in the world. See, Magnol's concept is
simple. They feel they can
train people all over the world
irrespective of different religions different culture
different all those things to produce a product in the same way and they do it
in the same manner in hundreds of places he kept talking about McDonald's and
hamburgers none of it made any sense to us. He wanted to create a franchise, a
mechanism of delivery of eye care with the efficiency of McDonald's.
There are now five Aravind Eye Hospitals in South India. They are all self-sustaining and together they see over 1.4 million patients and perform
over 200,000 sight restoring surgeries each year. Two-thirds of its services are free.
At Aravind, every patient who can pay covers costs for two who cannot.
Because of their high numbers, the revenue from paying patients not only covers costs for Aravind's free services,
but also generates a surplus that funds all growth and expansion.
All the hospitals send medical teams into the villages.
Patients requiring surgery are brought back to the base hospital where they receive food, lodging, treatment and return transport completely
free of charge. Close to 50% of all the patients Aravind treats are sought out and brought
back to the hospital through these screening eye camps.
Dr. Aravind Chauhan, I don't insist upon that that man must pay me before I do anything for him.
I said give him a sight man, let him give whatever he can give.
If he cannot afford, doesn't matter, he can give later.
So the priority is for human welfare.
The paramedical team at Aravind forms the backbone of the system.
These young women are recruited from villages around Madurai and are trained in refraction
testing, warden theatre duty, counselling and housekeeping.
They had so much of respect for the patient and they were willing to do any type of work
for the patient.
And they were also willing to share with us in the dream of the hospital.
That is how our program started.
So from 1976 onwards till today, every year we take about 100 girls from the village.
Four highly trained paramedics assist each doctor, thus optimizing the surgeon's time
and skill. In this way, a doctor at Aravind averages over 2000 surgeries a year, against
a national average of 220.
Dr. Dr. Srinivasan, Aravind Medical Center,
Dr. Srinivasan, Aravind Medical Center,
Dr. Srinivasan, Aravind Medical Center, Dr. Srinivasan, Aravind Medical Center, Dr. Srinivasan, Aravind Medical Center, Dr. Srinivasan, Aravind Medical Center, Dr. Srinivasan, Aravind Medical Center, I'm because they're doing more operation but the other way it helps us I was a teaching institution the more babies are dead the better the training
can be we all know of the mulligan's terror premium in this country we are
only 10,000 11,000 of the mulligan's for a billion population so we have to be
much more productive to meet the demands of the people so and other than this
pioneer the system that helps us to do high volume work.
And I think it's a work in progress.
We have reached probably 40-50% of what one could do.
This is the intraocular lens production facility which we started in 1992
with support from SAva Foundation in US.
This is the intraocular lens which we produce here
and this lens serves as a substitute lens
once we remove the natural cataract lens from the eye.
In the early 90s there were no eye oil manufacturers in India.
We had to import lenses from the West. At that time each lens was costing around $200. They were not affordable in most developing countries. We devised our own methods of making lenses up to international standards and we were able to sell them at about $5 a piece.
Today we manufacture a wide range of ophthalmic products as well and we are exporting them to over 85 countries around the world. E aí pessoal, vocês podem perceber que ele usou como referência
o sistema de produção do McDonald's para construir um império da oftalmologia na Índia.
Super barato, super acessível.
E não só a parte de atendimento, mas a parte, inclusive, de capacitação.
Aquela hora que ele mostra que ele recruta pequenos jovens que não têm experiência. FIS